Clarify Array map NodeList example (#44380)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/array/map/index.md

// [ 4, 9, 16 ]
```

> This example shows how to iterate through a collection of objects collected by `querySelectorAll`. Because `querySelectorAll` returns a `NodeList` (which is a collection of objects), `Array.prototype.map.call()` is used to return an array containing the values of all the selected `option` elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to iterate through a collection of objects collected by `querySelectorAll()`, returning an array containing the values of all the selected `option` elements. Because `querySelectorAll()` returns a `NodeList`, which is an array-like object without the `map()` method, we use `Array.prototype.map.call()`, passing `elems` as the `this` value and the callback as the second argument.
```
